---
title: Remembered, Yet Forgotten
description: A small essay
date: 2025-04-15
status: published
tags: ["life"]
---

I didn’t know it yet at the time, but studying abroad in Germany would
significantly impact the direction of my life. I remember riding the way, not
thinking much of the butterfly effects in life. Of all its repecurscsions, one
has stood with me for some time and makes me happy but sad, and that is
remembering a great friend that I made.

During my time abroad, I met a lot of people who left a lasting impression, but
in particular, I had made an incredible friend with whom I had a genuine
connection with. As we moved on to our lives- me moving back to the US-, this
person stayed in my heart, and I tried my best to stay in contact with them.

After almost 10 years, we finally met up again, in Japan, and it was an amazing
time. It was incredible seeing them again, the rush of feelings I got
remembering all the fun times we had, all the long discussions. I felt like I
was transferred back to the times.

But unfortunately, I started to question if the person shared the same opinion
of the connection that I thought we had. They had never initiated any contact
with me, and even a year after meeting, I never received another message again.
Remembered, yet forgotten.

It makes me wonder how many people I’ve left a lasting impression on, but have
not been able to remember and contact. Maybe none, or maybe a few. I am not
angry, and I am sad to some degree, but I can never blame them. One lives their
lives as they do. How could I expect them to reserve mental space for me? But it
still saddens me, perhaps because I yearn to be back in those days, and they are
my only lasting connections to it.

Remembered, yet forgotten
